Create bug issue template (#95)
wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Report an issue with the Wayfair plugin
title: "[New Bug]"
labels: bug, new
assignees: ''

---

**Date first encountered**:
**Supplier's client ID (if known):**
**Plentymarkets Version / release channel:**

**Short description:**
[ie: Cannot save Warehouse mapping]

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior (if repeatable, please perform with the Wayfair logging in Plentymarkets set to the `Debug` level):
1. [ie: Go to Warehouses settings page]
2. [ie: Add new Warehouse mapping]
3. [Ie: Click save]

**Expected behavior:**
[ie: New Warehouse mapping stays on page]

**Actual behavior:**
[ie: New Warehouse mapping disappears after refreshing the page]

**Screenshots:**
[If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.]

**Related logs:**

> [Please attach logs as files, and describe them here.]

Reviewer: Might be good to include a link to docs on how to export logs

> [Please attach logs as files, and describe them here.]

Reviewer 2: Some questions bug-reporting forms ask:

- Plugin version (will they know this from using the Plugin? A fancy version of a bug-submission form could  automatically populate this)
- Operating System
- Browser
- Time of day (can this automatically be generated when user submits form?)

Author: - Thanks! Plugin version was in my original draft but it's missing here!
- 
- github will track the creation date of this, but it's not always going to be true that `time of report` is equal to `time it is experienced`
- 
- OS and browser were on the suggested template but I thought it was getting too noisy. will consider bringing them back.

---
name: Bug report
about: Report an issue with the Wayfair plugin
title: "[New Bug]"
labels: bug, new
assignees: ''

---

**Date(s) issue was encountered**:
**Supplier's client ID (if known):**

> **Wayfair plugin Version (displayed in `Deployed` colum in the details of a Plentymarkets Pluign Set)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Wayfair plugin Version (displayed in `Deployed` column in the details of a Plentymarkets Plugin Set)**
```
